update apple pay simulator docs (#1734)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/mobile-apps/live-testing/live-mobile-app-testing.md

- Using real private devices with an Apple Pay Sandbox Testing account
- Using real private devices with a real production account and real credit cards

:::caution iOS Simulators
There are important differences between the Apple Pay Real Device and Simulator flow. The Simulator has the following limitations:

> - It is only focussed on the front-end integration of Apple Pay, and does not test the back-end integration.
> - You **can't** add cards to the wallet, meaning:
>   - No Apple Pay Sandbox Testing cards
>   - No real credit cards
> - You **can't** test the Apple Pay in-web flow
> - You **can** test the Apple Pay in-app flow, but the Apple Pay in-app flow will not work the same as with Real Devices. It won't return a payment token and will not properly proces your payment. In addition to this, it automatically provides simulated cards for all the supported payment networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is focused on the front-end integration of Apple Pay and does not test the back-end integration.
- You **can't** add cards to the wallet, meaning:
  - No Apple Pay Sandbox Testing cards.
  - No real credit cards.
- You **can't** test the Apple Pay in-web flow.
- You **can** test the Apple Pay in-app flow, but the Apple Pay in-app flow will not work the same as with Real Devices. It won't return a payment token and will not properly process your payment. In addition to this, it automatically provides simulated cards for all the supported payment networks.
```
